consolidating-tenant-docs (#840)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshcloud.tenant.md

> Only users with the role [Workspace Manager](meshcloud.workspace.md#assign-meshworkspace-roles) or [Workspace Owner](meshcloud.workspace.md#assign-meshworkspace-roles) have access to the administrative functionality described in this section.

> If you would like to delete a meshTenant which is no longer used, open the corresponding meshTenant navigate to 
> 
> **Deletion**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to delete a meshTenant that is no longer used, open the corresponding meshTenant and navigate to **Deletion**.
```

> Read best practices on building a solid tenant management in your cloud foundation on the [cloud foundation website](https://cloudfoundation.org/maturity-model/tenant-management/).

## Deprovisioning / Deleting Tenants

Before a meshTenant can be [automatically deleted](meshcloud.tenant.md#automatic-deletion) by meshStack, users must make sure that no resources are left in the cloud platform tenants. This is a security measure as we do not want to accidentally delete a tenant with resources still used from the cloud platforms. We therefore check the absence of resources prior of tenant deletion and upon presence of a resource we stop the deprovisioning process.

This security check is currently supported for the platforms:

> * CloudFoundry
> * OpenStack
> * OSB Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CloudFoundry
- OpenStack
- OSB Services
```
